[4889][ADD] base_user_api_key_security (#102)
qrtl/axls-custom: base_user_api_key_security/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module restricts API key generation for internal users to all users
> except those in the 'Settings' group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module restricts API key generation to the 'Administration / Settings' group, hiding the relevant UI elements.
```
